com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
com/groupeleven/studentlife/data/IDatabase.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.data.IDatabase
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/TimeEstimator.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.TimeEstimator
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.MainActivity
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/calendar/CalendarToUpdate.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$1
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$2
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$3
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$4
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$5
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$6
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$7
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarToUpdate$8
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/DashboardLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.DashboardLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/dashboard/DashboardEventListAdapter.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.dashboard.DashboardEventListAdapter
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.dashboard.DashboardEventListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/calendar/CalendarViewModel.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarViewModel
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/ICalendarLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.ICalendarLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/IDashboardLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.IDashboardLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/CalendarLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.CalendarLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/faskDB/FakeDB.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.faskDB.FakeDB
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/calendar/CalendarFragment.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment$1
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment$2
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment$3
com/groupeleven/studentlife/BuildConfig.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.BuildConfig
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/todolist/Toupdate.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$1
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$2
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$3
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$4
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$5
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.Toupdate$6
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/TodolistLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.TodolistLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/todolist/TodolistAdapter.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistAdapter
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistAdapter$ViewHolder$3
com/groupeleven/studentlife/domainSpecificObjects/Task.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.domainSpecificObjects.Task
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/usefullinks/UsefullinksViewModel.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.usefullinks.UsefullinksViewModel
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/todolist/TodolistFragment.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistFragment
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistFragment$1
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/calendar/CalendarAdapter.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter$ViewHolder$3
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.calendar.CalendarAdapter$ViewHolder$4
com/groupeleven/studentlife/domainSpecificObjects/ITaskObject.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.domainSpecificObjects.ITaskObject
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.domainSpecificObjects.ITaskObject$Priority
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/ITimeEstimator.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.ITimeEstimator
com/groupeleven/studentlife/data/DB.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.data.DB
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/todolist/TodolistViewModel.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.todolist.TodolistViewModel
com/groupeleven/studentlife/logic/ITodolistLogic.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.logic.ITodolistLogic
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/usefullinks/Tutorial.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.usefullinks.Tutorial
com/groupeleven/studentlife/ui/usefullinks/UsefullinksFragment.java
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.usefullinks.UsefullinksFragment
 com.groupeleven.studentlife.ui.usefullinks.UsefullinksFragment$1
